ingest/ledgerbackend: Update captive-core config with new BucketlistDB parameters (#5333)
stellar/go: services/horizon/CHANGELOG.md

- Change ingestion filtering logic to store transactions if any filter matches on it. ([5303](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/5303))
  - The previous behaviour was to store a tx only if both asset and account filters match together. So even if a tx matched an account filter but failed to match an asset filter, it would not be stored by Horizon.  

- Captive-core configuration parameters updated to align with [stellar-core v21](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-core/issues/3811) ([5333](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/5333))
  - BucketlistDB is now the default database for stellar-core, deprecating `EXPERIMENTAL_BUCKETLIST_DB`.

>   - A new mandatory parameter `DEPRECATED_SQL_LEDGER_STATE` (default: false) will be added automatically, no action required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A new mandatory parameter `DEPRECATED_SQL_LEDGER_STATE` (default: false) is required by stellar-core on its configuration toml file. if the toml provided by `CAPTIVE_CORE_CONFIG_PATH` does not have this new setting, Horizon will add it automatically, therefore, no action required.
```
